Added new reject and cancel feature for publish doc (#568)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/publish-module/publish-information/cancel-submission.md

---
title: Cancel Submission
description: Learn how to cancel submission on App Store Connect in Appcircle
tags: [publish, publish details, publish flow, cancel submission, submission]
sidebar_position: 10
---

# Cancel Submission

With Appcircle's **Cancel Submission** feature, you can cancel your submitted version on **App Store Connect**. With this feature, you can easily withdraw the relevant version from the review without going to App Store Connect.

:::caution Cancel Submission

> This feature is only active for versions whose status is **Waiting for Review** or **In Review** on App Store Connect. If the relevant version does not have this status, this feature will appear disable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is only active for versions with a status of **Waiting for Review** or **In Review** on App Store Connect. If the version does not have one of these statuses, the feature will appear disabled.
```

> This feature is only active for versions whose status is **Waiting for Review** or **In Review** on App Store Connect. If the relevant version does not have this status, this feature will appear disable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is only active for versions with a status of **Waiting for Review** or **In Review** on App Store Connect. If the version does not have one of these statuses, the feature will appear disabled.
```
